README.md, before:

![https://www.codewars.com/users/dimitardanailov/badges/small](https://www.codewars.com/users/dimitardanailov/badges/small)

My name is Dimitar Danailov. I'm a software engineer since 2008. I have experience with 
- Software architectures;
- Front - end frameworks and libraries (Polymer, React, D3js and Angularjs);
- Cloud providers(Azure, AWS, Heroku, Engine Yard, Google Cloud);
- Mobile applications(Android, iOS and Hybrid); 
- DevOps Experience;

I'm studying subjects such as: AI, Voice and Image Recognition, Microservices, Kubernetes.

My professional achievements are: 

- [Last five years I worked like a CTO, Team Leader and Software and Technical Architect](https://github.com/dimitardanailov/ddanailov/blob/master/Dimitar%20Danailov%20-%20Resume.pdf)
- My [stackoverflow profile](https://stackoverflow.com/users/609707/d-danailov) has 7000+ points
- I'm member of [Firefox DevTools Team](https://github.com/devtools-html)
- [Certificates](https://github.com/dimitardanailov/ddanailov/tree/master/certificates)

I'm supporthing these open source projects:

- [https://github.com/devtools-html/debugger.html](https://github.com/devtools-html/debugger.html/pulls/dimitardanailov)
- [https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-docs](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-docs/pulls/dimitardanailov)
- [@types/chai-fs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/chai-fs)
- [https://github.com/node-organic](https://github.com/node-organic)

Technical articles: 

- [Nodejs Microservice: Importing millions records on Amazon S3](https://medium.com/@d_danailov/nodejs-microservice-importing-millions-records-on-amazon-s3-introduction-chapter-1-fafc208e40ad)
- [Productivity with VS Code (Tips and Tricks)](https://medium.com/@d_danailov/productivity-with-vs-code-tips-and-tricks-51ae11e2e087)
- [Polymer vs Angular vs React: Using Web Components to Evolve the Experience](https://mentormate.com/blog/polymer-vs-angular-future-web-apps/)

Trainings: 
- [Building Evolutionary Architectures](http://2018.net.developerdays.pl/schedule/building-evolutionary-architectures/). Tutor: [Neal Ford](http://nealford.com/)

International conferencies: 
- [FOSDEM is the biggest open source conference](https://fosdem.org/2019/). Editions: 2011 and 2015 - 2018
- [IoT Tech Expo](https://www.iottechexpo.com/) - Edition: Amsterdam (2018)
- [.Net Developer Days](http://net.developerdays.pl) - Edition: 2018
- [Google Next, Location: London](https://cloud.withgoogle.com/next18/london) - Edition: 2018

Non - tech info about me: I'm a traveler, fan of Juventus and a sport guy.

Commit message:

Each conference has description that contains more about the technical details

README.md, after:

![https://www.codewars.com/users/dimitardanailov/badges/small](https://www.codewars.com/users/dimitardanailov/badges/small)

My name is Dimitar Danailov. I'm a software engineer since 2008. I have experience with 
- Software architectures;
- Front - end frameworks and libraries (Polymer, React, D3js and Angularjs);
- Cloud providers(Azure, AWS, Heroku, Engine Yard, Google Cloud);
- Mobile applications(Android, iOS and Hybrid); 
- DevOps Experience;

I'm studying subjects such as: AI, Voice and Image Recognition, Microservices, Kubernetes.

My professional achievements are: 

- [Last five years I worked like a CTO, Team Leader and Software and Technical Architect](https://github.com/dimitardanailov/ddanailov/blob/master/Dimitar%20Danailov%20-%20Resume.pdf)
- My [stackoverflow profile](https://stackoverflow.com/users/609707/d-danailov) has 7000+ points
- I'm member of [Firefox DevTools Team](https://github.com/devtools-html)
- [Certificates](https://github.com/dimitardanailov/ddanailov/tree/master/certificates)

I'm supporthing these open source projects:

- [https://github.com/devtools-html/debugger.html](https://github.com/devtools-html/debugger.html/pulls/dimitardanailov)
- [https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-docs](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-docs/pulls/dimitardanailov)
- [@types/chai-fs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/chai-fs)
- [https://github.com/node-organic](https://github.com/node-organic)

Technical articles: 

- [Nodejs Microservice: Importing millions records on Amazon S3](https://medium.com/@d_danailov/nodejs-microservice-importing-millions-records-on-amazon-s3-introduction-chapter-1-fafc208e40ad)
- [Productivity with VS Code (Tips and Tricks)](https://medium.com/@d_danailov/productivity-with-vs-code-tips-and-tricks-51ae11e2e087)
- [Polymer vs Angular vs React: Using Web Components to Evolve the Experience](https://mentormate.com/blog/polymer-vs-angular-future-web-apps/)

Trainings: 
- [Building Evolutionary Architectures](http://2018.net.developerdays.pl/schedule/building-evolutionary-architectures/). Tutor: [Neal Ford](http://nealford.com/)

International conferencies: 
- [FOSDEM is the biggest open source conference](https://fosdem.org/2019/). Editions: 2011 and 2015 - 2018
- [IoT Tech Expo is the biggest Tech Expo at Europe with subjects: #IoT, #AI, #BlockChain](https://www.iottechexpo.com/) - Edition: Amsterdam (2018)
- [.Net Developer Days is the biggest .Net Developers Conference at Central and Eastern Europe](http://net.developerdays.pl) - Edition: 2018
- [Google Next, Location: London is one of the biggest cloud conferences at Europe and biggest Google conference at Europe](https://cloud.withgoogle.com/next18/london) - Edition: 2018

Non - tech info about me: I'm a traveler, fan of Juventus and a sport guy.
